W-19178578-rtf-fix-kt (#1559)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-fabric: modules/ROOT/pages/limitations-self.adoc

[IMPORTANT]
====

> The default behavior of the ingress controller included with GKE is to provide a separate HTTP load balancer for each application. If you find this behavior undesirable, explore possible solutions or consider using another ingress controller. See the following link: https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=001121607&type=1[KB article] for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default behavior of the ingress controller included with GKE is to provide a separate HTTP load balancer for each application. If you find this behavior undesirable, explore possible solutions or consider using another ingress controller. See https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=001121607&type=1[Default Ingress Controller Behavior with Runtime Fabric on GKE] for more details.
```
